h1. Bats project (version 1.0-beta) - Bandit Algorithms and Tree Search


h2. Structure of this project

* lib/ contains functions and toolboxes written by others and necessary to the functioning of the Bats Toolbox
* Bats/ contains the the Bats Toolbox for Matlab
* ToyTS/ is an application of Bats to a toy tree search problem
* Pinview/ is an application of Bats to a content-based image retrieval problem


h2. Getting Started

From the project's root directory, at the Matlab command line:

# Initialise path to include the directories listed above, and clear variables:
@init@

# Browse the documentation:
@doc Bats@

# Run tests, for instance on the UCB class:
@TestUCB@

# Run applications, for instance the toy tree search problem:
@nit=1000; nruns=1; learnHyper=0; fixPbInstances=true;@
@ToyTS.Experiments({'UCT', 'GPTS'}, 'B', [5, 20, 50, 100], nit, nruns, learnHyper, fixPbInstances)@

Here is some sample code for bandit problems with independent arms:
@rl = rand(1,N); % rewards list (N arms)@
@e = EnvironmentBandit('bernoulli', rl);@
@b = UCB(N);@
@x = b.choose();@
@y = e.play(x);@
@b.train(x, y);@


h2. Copyright and License

Bats (C) Louis Dorard, 2010-2011. This work is licensed under a GNU General Public License (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html). The software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied. Please consult the copyright notice and licence of the other toolboxes. 


h3. Contact

louis@dorard.me
Please notify me if you use, distribute or modify this work.